1.This is the 3rd neck reading light (other two are different) I've had. This one is BY FAR the nicest. First, when you put it around your neck, it's practically weightless. The other two had two double A batteries that sat on the back of my neck. Also, the way the arms lay, they automatically light up what I'm working on (I knit).

2.I am so pleasantly surprised by these, I'm going to buy a back up & two more for my knitting friends as gifts. I can't get over the quality of the illumination. I can't comment on the battery life yet as this is the first time I'm using these. I wanted to get a review out right away. You will be happy with these. They look & feel well made. There is a small user manual. It explains the 3 lighting options. It says battery working time is 6-80 hours depending on mode & brightness.

3.This reading light is the best reading lamp of its type. The availability and choices of light illumination are superb. It is not a heavy and gangly lamp, as some on Amazon are. The arms are of the appropriate length, they are very easy to manipulate, and the unit is well made and lightweight. The battery size and the length of use from each charge are the best of all the units that I see advertised.

4.I don’t have the best lighting in this house or the best eyes, and that makes for a hard time cross stitching. These are absolutely wonderful! I can see my patterns and do my cross stitching which is so great during this quarantine. Be sure to charge every night after use though. Thought I was going blind one time when I didn’t because the lights were getting so dim. And they are so lightweight I forget I’m wearing them! Highly recommended!

5.I just bought this neck light and I absolutely love it. Do not look any further if you need one. It is comfortable, adjustable, adjustable brightness with or without filtration. I originally ordered it for my crochet/knitting hobby but it can be used for so many different applications.
This product is not heavy on your neck and the angle of the lights is adjustable. I didn't find any downsides to this light so far. Highly recommend it.

6.This thing is so wonderful, perfect for kids and adults to read in bed, in sofa, in a car, play hid and seek, walk in the dark, explore in caves, work in fixing cars, etc.
Function-wise, you can use it as flash light, head lamp, bicycle head light.
It is easy to recharge it like charging your cellphone. The battery lasts for hours.
It is such a unique gadget. Perfect gift for yourself, for kids and adult friends alike.

7.Absolutely awesome! I crochet most evenings and struggle to see the darker colours. Didn’t want an ugly spotlight in my lounge so I googled spotlight for crafting and this came up. I love the fact this model is rechargeable and has 3 types of light and various brightness levels. Very comfortable to wear and really works well.

8.My partner gets up early for work and I'm a night owl. This makes my crocheting in bed so much easier than trying to use the light from the tv to crochet.

9.